Quick notes:
	On attack:
		With Rapier (only): +2 bonus damage (dueling fighting style)
		All hits from attack roll: +2 bludgeoning damage (Genie's wrath) (once/turn)
		Crimson Rite: attacks with active weapon are magical and deal extra damage equal to your hemocraft die (1d4) of the rite damage type
		Extra attack: Can attack twice during an attack action
		Mystic Frenzy: When you use your action to cast a cantrip, you can immediately make one weapon attack as a bonus action

		rapier damage: (with Crimson Rite): 1d8+7 pierce (magical) + 2 bludgeoning + (1d4 lightning)

		hit calculations:
			attack 1: 15 + 8 = 23
			attack 2: 17 + 8 = 25

			1, 4, 4

		damage calculations:
			hit 1: 4 + 7 magic pierce + 2 bludgeoning + 1 lightning = 14dmg
			hit 2: 

	On failing any attack roll, ability check, or saving throw:
		You can gain a bonus to the roll equal to the number of visible allies within 30 feet (<=5) once per short/long rest (Saving Face)

	crit damage: add max damage to regular damage

Tough feat:
	+2 max hp per level

Hobgoblin:

	Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution score increases by 2, and your Intelligence score increases by 1

	Darkvision. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.

	Martial Training. You are proficient with two martial weapons of your choice and with light armor. (Rapier & Longbow)

	Saving Face. Hobgoblins are careful not to show weakness in front of their allies, for fear of losing status. If you miss with an attack roll or fail an ability check or a saving throw, you can gain a bonus to the roll equal to the number of allies you can see within 30 feet of you (maximum bonus of +5). Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest.

	Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution score increases by 2, and your Intelligence score increases by 1

	Darkvision. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.

	Martial Training. You are proficient with two martial weapons of your choice and with light armor. (Rapier & Longbow(?))

Blood Hunter:
	Dueling fighting style: When you are wielding a melee weapon in one hand and no other weapons, you gain a +2 bonus to damage rolls with that weapon.

	Hunter's Bane: You have advantage on Survival checks to track fey, fiends, or undead, as well as on Intelligence checks to recall information about such creatures.

	The Hunter’s Bane also empowers your body to control and shape hemocraft magic, using your own blood and life essence to fuel your abilities. Some of your features require your target to make a saving throw to resist the feature’s effects. The saving throw DC is calculated as follows:
		Hemocraft save DC = 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Hemocraft modifier (Wisdom)

	Blood Maledict: Invoke a blood curse. While invoking a blood curse, but before it affects the target, you can choose to amplify the curse by taking necrotic damage equal to one roll of your hemocraft die. This damage can’t be reduced in any way. Creatures that do not have blood are immune to blood curses unless you have amplified the curse.
	Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again. You can use Blood Maledict twice between rests starting at 6th level, three times starting at 13th level, and four times starting at 17th level.
		Hemocraft die: 1d4
		Blood Curses:
			Blood Curse of Binding: As a bonus action, you attempt to bind a Large or smaller creature you can see within 30 feet of you, which must make a Strength saving throw. On a failure, the cursed creature’s speed is reduced to 0 and it can’t use reactions until the end of your next turn. Amplify: This curse lasts for 1 minute and can affect any creature regardless of size. The cursed creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the curse on itself on a success.
		Blood Curse of the Fallen Puppet:
			When a creature you can see within 30 feet of you drops to 0 hit points, you can use your reaction to instill that creature with a final act of aggression. The creature immediately makes one weapon attack against a target of your choice within its range.

			Amplify. You can first cause the cursed creature to move up to half its speed, and you grant a bonus to its attack roll equal to your Hemocraft modifier (minimum of +1).

	Crimson Rite: at 2nd level, you learn to invoke a rite of hemocraft that infuses your weapon strikes with 1d4 elemental energy. As a bonus action, you can activate any rite you know on one weapon you’re holding. The effect of the rite lasts until you finish a short or long rest. When you activate a rite, you take necrotic damage equal to one roll of your hemocraft die. This damage can’t be reduced in any way.

	While the rite is in effect, attacks you make with this weapon are magical, and deal extra damage equal to your hemocraft die of the type determined by the chosen rite. A weapon can hold only one active rite at a time. Other creatures can’t gain the benefit of your rite.

		Lv 1: Rite of the Storm. (lightning damage)
		Lv 7: Rite of the Flame (Fire damage)
		lv 14:

	You choose one rite from the crimson rites below when you first gain this feature. You learn an additional crimson rite at 7th level, and again at 14th level.
	Crimson Rites

	Order of the Profane Soul:
		Rite Focus:
			Starting at 3rd level, your weapon becomes a conduit for the power of your pact with your chosen patron. While you have an active crimson rite, you can use your weapon as a spellcasting focus for your warlock spells, and you gain a specific benefit based on your chosen pact.
				The Genie: As a bonus action, you expend a use of your Blood Maledict feature to give yourself a flying speed of 30 feet, which lasts for a number of rounds equal to your Hemocraft modifier (minimum of 1 round).
		
		Known spells:
			Cantrips:
				Booming Blade:
					You brandish the weapon used in the spell’s casting and make a melee attack with it against one creature within 5 feet of you. On a hit, the target suffers the weapon attack’s normal effects and then becomes sheathed in booming energy until the start of your next turn. If the target willingly moves 5 feet or more before then, the target takes 1d8 thunder damage, and the spell ends.

				Sword Burst:
					You create a momentary circle of spectral blades that sweep around you. All other creatures within 5 feet of you must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 1d6 force damage.
					
			2nd level:
				Hex:
					Casting time: bonus action
					You place a curse on a creature that you can see within range. Until the spell ends, you deal an extra 1d6 necrotic damage to the target whenever you hit it with an attack. Also, choose one ability when you cast the spell. The target has disadvantage on ability checks made with the chosen ability.

					If the target drops to 0 hit points before this spell ends, you can use a bonus action on a subsequent turn of yours to curse a new creature.

					A Remove Curse cast on the target ends this spell early.

					concentration up to 1 hour

					At Higher Levels: When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd or 4th level, you can maintain your concentration on the spell for up to 8 hours.

				Sanctuary:
					Casting time: bonus action
					You ward a creature within range against attack. Until the spell ends, any creature who targets the warded creature with an attack or a harmful spell must first make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature must choose a new target or lose the attack or spell. This spell doesn’t protect the warded creature from area effects, such as the explosion of a fireball.

					If the warded creature makes an attack, casts a spell that affects an enemy, or deals damage to another creature, this spell ends.
				
				Armor of Agathys:
					Casting time: 1 action
					Duration: 1 hour
					A protective magical force surrounds you, manifesting as a spectral frost that covers you and your gear. You gain 5 temporary hit points for the duration. If a creature hits you with a melee attack while you have these hit points, the creature takes 5 cold damage.
					
					At Higher Levels: When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, both the temporary hit points and the cold damage increase by 5 for each slot.
				
				Phantasmal Force:
					Casting Time: 1 action
					Range: 60 feet
					Components: V, S, M (a bit of fleece)
					Duration: Concentration, up to 1 minute
					
					You craft an illusion that takes root in the mind of a creature that you can see within range. The target must make an Intelligence saving throw. On a failed save, you create a phantasmal object, creature, or other visible phenomenon of your choice that is no larger than a 10-foot cube and that is perceivable only to the target for the duration. This spell has no effect on undead or constructs.

					The phantasm includes sound, temperature, and other stimuli, also evident only to the creature.

					The target can use its action to examine the phantasm with an Intelligence (Investigation) check against your spell save DC. If the check succeeds, the target realizes that the phantasm is an illusion, and the spell ends.

					While a target is affected by the spell, the target treats the phantasm as if it were real. The target rationalizes any illogical outcomes from interacting with the phantasm. For example, a target attempting to walk across a phantasmal bridge that spans a chasm falls once it steps onto the bridge. If the target survives the fall, it still believes that the bridge exists and comes up with some other explanation for its fall; it was pushed, it slipped, or a strong wind might have knocked it off.

					An affected target is so convinced of the phantasm’s reality that it can even take damage from the illusion. A phantasm created to appear as a creature can attack the target. Similarly, a phantasm created to appear as fire, a pool of acid, or lava can burn the target. Each round on your turn, the phantasm can deal 1d6 psychic damage to the target if it is in the phantasm’s area or within 5 feet of the phantasm, provided that the illusion is of a creature or hazard that could logically deal damage, such as by attacking. The target perceives the damage as a type appropriate to the illusion.

				Misty Step:
					Casting Time: 1 bonus action
					Range: Self
					Components: Verbal
					Duration: Instantaneous

					Briefly surrounded by silvery mist, you teleport up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space that you can see.

Resources:
	wiki:
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/hobgoblin
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/blood-hunter
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/blood-hunter:profane-soul
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/spells:warlock
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/warlock:the-genie

	guides:
		https://rpgbot.net/dnd5/characters/classes/matt-mercers-blood-hunter/v2/
		https://rpgbot.net/dnd5/characters/classes/warlock/subclasses/genie/
	
	File link:
		https://1drv.ms/t/s!AkPQrR-StEovnN9uTPyl0gu9Bg6tsQ?e=YXDF9O
