Quick notes:
	On attack:
		With Rapier (only): +2 bonus damage (dueling fighting style)
		All hits from attack roll: +2 bludgeoning damage (Genie's wrath) (once/turn)
		Crimson Rite: attacks with active weapon are magical and deal extra damage equal to your hemocraft die (1d4) of the rite damage type

		rapier damage: (with Crimson Rite): 1d8+6 pierce (magical) + 2 bludgeoning + (1d4 lightning)

		damage calculations:
			13 pierce, 2 bludgeoning, 4 lightning = 19 damage

	On failing any attack roll, ability check, or saving throw:
		You can gain a bonus to the roll equal to the number of visible allies within 30 feet (<=5) once per short/long rest (Saving Face)

	crit damage: max damage hit + normal damage hit

Hobgoblin:

	Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution score increases by 2, and your Intelligence score increases by 1

	Darkvision. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.

	Martial Training. You are proficient with two martial weapons of your choice and with light armor. (Rapier & Longbow)

	Saving Face. Hobgoblins are careful not to show weakness in front of their allies, for fear of losing status. If you miss with an attack roll or fail an ability check or a saving throw, you can gain a bonus to the roll equal to the number of allies you can see within 30 feet of you (maximum bonus of +5). Once you use this trait, you can't use it again until you finish a short or long rest.

	Ability Score Increase. Your Constitution score increases by 2, and your Intelligence score increases by 1

	Darkvision. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.

	Martial Training. You are proficient with two martial weapons of your choice and with light armor. (Rapier & Longbow(?))

Blood Hunter:
	Dueling fighting style: When you are wielding a melee weapon in one hand and no other weapons, you gain a +2 bonus to damage rolls with that weapon.

	Hunter's Bane: You have advantage on Survival checks to track fey, fiends, or undead, as well as on Intelligence checks to recall information about such creatures.

	The Hunter’s Bane also empowers your body to control and shape hemocraft magic, using your own blood and life essence to fuel your abilities. Some of your features require your target to make a saving throw to resist the feature’s effects. The saving throw DC is calculated as follows:
		Hemocraft save DC = 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Hemocraft modifier (Wisdom)

	Blood Maledict: Invoke a blood curse. While invoking a blood curse, but before it affects the target, you can choose to amplify the curse by taking necrotic damage equal to one roll of your hemocraft die. This damage can’t be reduced in any way. Creatures that do not have blood are immune to blood curses unless you have amplified the curse.
	Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again. You can use Blood Maledict twice between rests starting at 6th level, three times starting at 13th level, and four times starting at 17th level.
		Hemocraft die: 1d4
		Blood Curses:
			Blood Curse of Binding: As a bonus action, you attempt to bind a Large or smaller creature you can see within 30 feet of you, which must make a Strength saving throw. On a failure, the cursed creature’s speed is reduced to 0 and it can’t use reactions until the end of your next turn. Amplify: This curse lasts for 1 minute and can affect any creature regardless of size. The cursed creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the curse on itself on a success.

	Crimson Rite: at 2nd level, you learn to invoke a rite of hemocraft that infuses your weapon strikes with 1d4 elemental energy. As a bonus action, you can activate any rite you know on one weapon you’re holding. The effect of the rite lasts until you finish a short or long rest. When you activate a rite, you take necrotic damage equal to one roll of your hemocraft die. This damage can’t be reduced in any way.

	While the rite is in effect, attacks you make with this weapon are magical, and deal extra damage equal to your hemocraft die of the type determined by the chosen rite. A weapon can hold only one active rite at a time. Other creatures can’t gain the benefit of your rite.

		Lv 1: Rite of the Storm. Your (bonus) rite damage is lightning damage.
		Lv 7:
		lv 14:

	You choose one rite from the crimson rites below when you first gain this feature. You learn an additional crimson rite at 7th level, and again at 14th level.
	Crimson Rites

	Order of the Profane Soul:
		Genie (Dao)
			Vessel: Ornate Lantern
				Bottled Respite: As an action, you can magically vanish and enter your vessel, which remains in the space you left. The interior of the vessel is an extradimensional space in the shape of a 20-foot-radius cylinder, 20 feet high, and resembles your vessel. The interior is appointed with cushions and low tables and is a comfortable temperature. While inside, you can hear the area around your vessel as if you were in its space. You can remain inside the vessel up to a number of hours equal to twice your proficiency bonus. You exit the vessel early if you use a bonus action to leave, if you die, or if the vessel is destroyed. When you exit the vessel, you appear in the unoccupied space closest to it. Any objects left in the vessel remain there until carried out, and if the vessel is destroyed, every object stored there harmlessly appears in the unoccupied spaces closest to the vessel's former space. Once you enter the vessel, you can't enter again until you finish a long rest.

				Genie's Wrath: Once during each of your turns when you hit with an attack roll, you can deal extra bludgeoning (dao) damage to the target equal to your proficiency bonus.

				The vessel's AC equals your spell save DC. Its hit points equal your warlock level plus your proficiency bonus, and it is immune to poison and psychic damage. If the vessel is destroyed or you lose it, you can perform a 1-hour ceremony to receive a replacement from your patron. This ceremony can be performed during a short or long rest, and the previous vessel is destroyed if it still exists. The vessel vanishes in a flare of elemental power when you die.

			Rite Focus: Starting at 3rd level, your weapon becomes a conduit for the power of your pact with your chosen patron. While you have an active crimson rite, you can use your weapon as a spellcasting focus for your warlock spells, and you gain a specific benefit based on your chosen pact.
				The Genie: As a bonus action, you expend a use of your Blood Maledict feature to give yourself a flying speed of 30 feet, which lasts for a number of rounds equal to your Hemocraft modifier (minimum of 1 round).
		
		Known spells:
			Cantrips:
				Booming Blade:
					You brandish the weapon used in the spell’s casting and make a melee attack with it against one creature within 5 feet of you. On a hit, the target suffers the weapon attack’s normal effects and then becomes sheathed in booming energy until the start of your next turn. If the target willingly moves 5 feet or more before then, the target takes 1d8 thunder damage, and the spell ends.

				Sword Burst:
					You create a momentary circle of spectral blades that sweep around you. All other creatures within 5 feet of you must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 1d6 force damage.
					
			1st level:
				Hex:
					As a bonus action, you place a curse on a creature that you can see within range. Until the spell ends, you deal an extra 1d6 necrotic damage to the target whenever you hit it with an attack. Also, choose one ability when you cast the spell. The target has disadvantage on ability checks made with the chosen ability.

					If the target drops to 0 hit points before this spell ends, you can use a bonus action on a subsequent turn of yours to curse a new creature.

					A Remove Curse cast on the target ends this spell early.

					At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd or 4th level, you can maintain your concentration on the spell for up to 8 hours.

				Sanctuary:
					As a bonus action, you ward a creature within range against attack. Until the spell ends, any creature who targets the warded creature with an attack or a harmful spell must first make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the creature must choose a new target or lose the attack or spell. This spell doesn’t protect the warded creature from area effects, such as the explosion of a fireball.

					If the warded creature makes an attack, casts a spell that affects an enemy, or deals damage to another creature, this spell ends.

Resources:
	wiki:
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/hobgoblin
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/blood-hunter
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/blood-hunter:profane-soul
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/spells:warlock
		http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/warlock:the-genie

	guides:
		https://rpgbot.net/dnd5/characters/classes/matt-mercers-blood-hunter/v2/
		https://rpgbot.net/dnd5/characters/classes/warlock/subclasses/genie/
	
	File link:
		https://1drv.ms/t/s!AkPQrR-StEovnN9uTPyl0gu9Bg6tsQ?e=YXDF9O
